com/example/shoppingapp/SearchProductsActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.SearchProductsActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.SearchProductsActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.SearchProductsActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.SearchProductsActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.SearchProductsActivity$3$1
com/example/shoppingapp/Prevalent/Prevalent.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Prevalent.Prevalent
com/example/shoppingapp/ViewHolder/CartViewHolder.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ViewHolder.CartViewHolder
com/example/shoppingapp/Category/WomenActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.WomenActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.WomenActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.WomenActivity$1$1
com/example/shoppingapp/Model/AdminOrders.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Model.AdminOrders
com/example/shoppingapp/ProductDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ProductDetailsActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.ProductDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.ProductDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.ProductDetailsActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.ProductDetailsActivity$4
 com.example.shoppingapp.ProductDetailsActivity$4$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.ProductDetailsActivity$5
 com.example.shoppingapp.ProductDetailsActivity$6
com/example/shoppingapp/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/shoppingapp/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.shoppingapp.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/shoppingapp/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.HomeActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.HomeActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.HomeActivity$2$1
com/example/shoppingapp/Model/Cart.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Model.Cart
com/example/shoppingapp/Admin/AdminCategoryActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$10
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$11
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$12
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$13
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$14
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$15
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$4
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$5
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$6
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$7
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$8
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminCategoryActivity$9
com/example/shoppingapp/Interface/ItemClickListner.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Interface.ItemClickListner
com/example/shoppingapp/Model/Orders.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Model.Orders
com/example/shoppingapp/Model/Users.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Model.Users
com/example/shoppingapp/Admin/AdminAddProductActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminAddProductActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminAddProductActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminAddProductActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminAddProductActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminAddProductActivity$3$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminAddProductActivity$3$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminAddProductActivity$4
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminAddProductActivity$5
com/example/shoppingapp/Model/Products.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Model.Products
com/example/shoppingapp/ViewHolder/WishViewHolder.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ViewHolder.WishViewHolder
com/example/shoppingapp/Category/KidsActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.KidsActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.KidsActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.KidsActivity$1$1
com/example/shoppingapp/ViewOrdersActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ViewOrdersActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.ViewOrdersActivity$1
com/example/shoppingapp/Model/Favorites.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Model.Favorites
com/example/shoppingapp/ViewHolder/OrderViewHolder.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ViewHolder.OrderViewHolder
com/example/shoppingapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.shoppingapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/shoppingapp/Admin/AdminUsersProductsActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminUsersProductsActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminUsersProductsActivity$1
com/example/shoppingapp/Category/MenActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.MenActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.MenActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.MenActivity$1$1
com/example/shoppingapp/Category/CategoryListActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.CategoryListActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.CategoryListActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.CategoryListActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.CategoryListActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.Category.CategoryListActivity$4
com/example/shoppingapp/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/shoppingapp/CartActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.CartActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.CartActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.CartActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.CartActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.CartActivity$3$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.CartActivity$3$1$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.CartActivity$3$1$1$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.CartActivity$4
com/example/shoppingapp/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.SettingsActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.SettingsActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.SettingsActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.SettingsActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.SettingsActivity$4
 com.example.shoppingapp.SettingsActivity$5
 com.example.shoppingapp.SettingsActivity$6
 com.example.shoppingapp.SettingsActivity$7
com/example/shoppingapp/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.SplashActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.SplashActivity$1
com/example/shoppingapp/ConfirmOrderActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ConfirmOrderActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.ConfirmOrderActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.ConfirmOrderActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.ConfirmOrderActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.ConfirmOrderActivity$3$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.ConfirmOrderActivity$4
 com.example.shoppingapp.ConfirmOrderActivity$4$1
com/example/shoppingapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.BuildConfig
com/example/shoppingapp/Admin/AdminNewOrdersActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminNewOrdersActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1$2$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminNewOrdersActivity$AdminOrdersViewHolder
com/example/shoppingapp/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.shoppingapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/shoppingapp/WishListActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.WishListActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.WishListActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.WishListActivity$1$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.WishListActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.WishListActivity$1$1$1$1
com/example/shoppingapp/Admin/AdminMaintainProductsActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$4
 com.example.shoppingapp.Admin.AdminMaintainProductsActivity$5
com/example/shoppingapp/ViewHolder/ProductViewHolder.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ViewHolder.ProductViewHolder
com/example/shoppingapp/ForgetPasswordActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ForgetPasswordActivity
com/example/shoppingapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/shoppingapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.shoppingapp.LoginActivity$4
com/example/shoppingapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.MainActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.MainActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.MainActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.MainActivity$3
com/example/shoppingapp/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.shoppingapp.RegisterActivity
 com.example.shoppingapp.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.shoppingapp.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.shoppingapp.RegisterActivity$2$1
